hello this is Michael V again from
Erickson Nissan just wanted to go over
the 2011 Nissan Sentra se-r spec V just
start off with here we have 17 inch
aluminum alloy wheels the gunmetal gray
is the is the finish on them moving on
to the body it's great in lava red and
as well as the door handles inside
mirrors get the body colored finishing
something also about the center spec v
which you're gonna find a sport-tuned
suspension what that gives you is
lowered height sports tuned shocks and
struts alright
so along with the chunk along with a
phenomenal amount of room that is the
the V brace that I was referring to what
that's going to do for you is this going
to give you better handling along those
quarter corners and keep the vehicle
much more stable so just to indicate and
authenticate the spec v is ser specs the
badging on the back of the vehicle
so these are the keys now that the
vehicle is opened I just like to point
out the exceptional amount of room you
have for such a compact car it seats up
to four and just moving on to the
interior of the vehicle what we have is
ser badging along the along the seats
and as well as a nice finishing trim and
sports sports custom seats this is gonna
make you basically slide into your seat
and keep a tight grip around you when
you're when you're doing your cornering
and and your driving pretty basic
straight across the board standard power
coupling guys we've got power windows
and door locks and power mirrors we've
got an automatic setting for the driver
side mirror basically that's just the
one click and the window rolls up and as
well as one click up and the window
rolls down
we've got adjustable heightened steering
wheel accommodation here as well as
steering wheel mounted cruise control
which is nice when you're traveling on
the highway you never really have to
take your your eyes off the road which
is a good thing and it gives your feet a
rest
we got the vehicle dynamic control for
those of you who are unfamiliar with
that one
basically what that's gonna do and one
big way you're gonna benefit on that is
it's not been known to reduce actions
and as well as basically we correct your
your steering if in the event of
understanding or over steering so what
that means if you're sliding along the
road we're just going to do is basically
the tires send information up to the
computer of the vehicle the vehicle
dynamic control then sends back
information down to each tire and
basically sends the necessary power to
each tire to help recorrect your
steering and get you back on the right
path the vehicle comes standard with
am/fm radio as well as the CD player and
auxiliary input so basically what you
can do is obviously get your auxiliary
cable plug it in plug it into your
wireless device and right there at the
touch of your fingers you've got as many
files as you can load up on your on your
device as possible so just a quick look
here at the at the stick shift what
you're going to find is reverse to the
left and up that is capable of by
lifting up that button right over there
as well as one two three four five six
years as I mentioned before
that's gonna be optimal for fuel economy
and it's giving maximize the performance
of this specific vehicle so along with
the sports do some suspension and the
the 200 horsepower two point five
cylinder motor what it has is a gauge
here that's gonna monitor your your
g-force so as your cornering and the
vehicles watering that it's going to
tell you exactly how much G you're
pulling going in and out of that corner
at the feature that's included in such
vehicles as the Cadillac CTS guys so
just to let you know that this isn't no
toy it's a it's a well equipped vehicle
to go along with with the capabilities
of the vehicle in terms of safety
because we all want to be safe while
we're using this vehicle especially a
sports vehicle we've got sticks six
standard airbags that are included in
this vehicle one for the front driver
and then obviously for the passenger and
then one curtain airbag up here and rear
curtain airbags in the back yeah so
that's gonna keep it protected in the
event of an accident is that gonna be a
big comfort zone big pillows that are
protecting you
well while you're involved in that
actions also included with the sports
package
you're gonna upgrade it into an
eight-speaker sound system with two
subwoofers that will be stationed in the
trunk once again I thank you guys and
appreciate it for watching and taking
the time to go over the vehicle with me
anytime you're in the neighborhood or
you just want to come on down please
come down check out the 2011 Nissan
Sentra